CXP-930: Apps introduction (#532)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/apps/introduction.md

# What's an App ?

::: warning
The Apps are only available in the **6.0 version** and higher and for **SaaS** customers.
:::

Before you start developing an App, it's important to understand what Apps can do and how they interact with the PIM.

> An App is a service that can be easily connected to a PIM, directly from the PIM, 

Reviewer: I think we could say a word about the authentication process here, maybe just by mentioning the secure part of it : 

```suggestion
An App is a service that can be easily and securely connected to a PIM, directly from the PIM, 
```

Author: I don't want to oversell the feature, what's more "secure" when using the Apps instead of the Connections ?

Reviewer: Nothing I guess. My comment was just to say that we do not mention the authentication part in this article but this has been updated in your last commit. All good for me!

Author: What do you mean by "authentication part" ?

Reviewer: the fact that the app need an oAuth2 token to interact with the PIM

with a streamlined process of activation and configuration.

An App can extend the PIM functionalities through the REST API, like a Connector, 
by retrieving or updating data and integrate it with external services.

> The only constraint is that an App must have a single activation URL and should be hosted by its creator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Today, an App must have a single activation URL, be hosted by its creator, and use the OAuth2 to get API credentials. 
```

Author: > An App must have a single activation URL, be hosted by its creator and use OAuth2 to ask for API access.
?

Reviewer 2: Yes
> An App must have a single activation URL, be hosted by its creator, and use OAuth2 to ask for API access.
They put a comma before "and" in English when there are more than 2 quoted things in a list

In this documentation, we will guide you through the steps of building an App.

::: info

> For more information on Apps usage, please read our help center article [some article](https://help.akeneo.com).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on Apps usage, please read our help center articles [How to connect Akeneo PIM with third parties](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/how-to-connect-my-pim-with-apps.html) and [Manage your Apps](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/manage-your-apps.html).
```

Reviewer 2: These articles will be available on our Help center as soon as we release the feature.
